Align on use of listener (#26953)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/commands/onchanged/index.md

- `listener`

>   - : The function called when a command's shortcut changes. The function is passed these attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The function called when a command's shortcut changes. The function is passed an object with these properties:
```

... or actually we should call the parameter `changeInfo`.
